the final assembly as well
now we are going to the final assembly that
tries to get the parts together
in this case the earring in what has to do
with foot placement and fitting
the suit and its base is clear because everything
the foot should not have a base where it is
secure or welded as in this case
we have a triangular basis that we have
screw
we have a triangular base where
I'm giving the suit and now with the same
system with the same system with which
we will link the bracelet cells together
in this case what is the earring with a
screw system let's do it with
two loops well put one of the
rings and we'll put a
second ball
This line is already open and we
the pliers and we passed through the earring
we have to go over and under it is
clear
we closed the ring tightly closed
remember that when closing the ring we must
leave it well aligned so that
there is no jump or jump there and
there is already the earring mounted one of the two
chickens